And you, little guy.
I have supported you for so many years
You taught your daughter to be like this?
Can't get on stage like you
Why did you hit my mother?
Just because you two eat mine and wear mine
These years
Did I spoil you lawlessly?
You are not allowed to go out and fool around with other men in the future
Give me drugs at home
What about yourself?
Go out with some random women every day
Leave me and my mom at home
Just give me a chance now
They all look down on me and value illegitimate daughters
You say
I just want to say
You show off your power to us every day
The three sons of the Su family look down on me
Bullying me every day
Why don't you help us out?
fool
Your father and I still depend on the Su family to support us
Now you kneel at the door of Su's house for me
Ask the Su family for forgiveness
Sunan
My three cousins treated you so badly
Let you clean up so early